new loading level1 by frank ( )
Caution: Fire by Peter (With BKG )
Junkbot's Lucky Number by frank ( )
Junkbot's Secret Weapon by Frank (bkg in )
Leaky Roof with Decals by frank ( )
Junkbot is Brave by frank ( )
The Secret Laboratory by frank ( )
Happy Holidays! by frank ( )
Windy Bridge by frank ( )
Thermostat by frank ( )
Gearbots That Float by frank ( )
The Garage by frank ( )
Trapped in the Freezer by frank ( )
Fire and Ice by frank  ( )
Caution: Leaky Roof by frank ( )
adam and eve by frank (deconstruction - project x? )
fiery pit by frank (possible decals )
caged tiger by frank (smart floater behavior teaching level )
The Quest by eric ( )
Switch logic by Eric (with BKG )
Find the switches! by Eric ( )
Up the Chute! by Eric (with BKG )
Working in the rain by Eric (with BKG )
Temple of Doom! by Eric (hard (but not too frustrating) complex level )
dragonfly3 by james ( )
multi-jump setup by Eric (with BKG )
two shields, two furnaces by Eric (medium shield + switch level )
Raincoat by Nick (Shield Intro )
gotcha by Eric (hidden trick switch & furnace level )
elevator action by Eric (difficult heat-switch level )
three jumps by Eric (medium movable jump block level )
Movin' On Up by Nick (Stair Building Basic Level )
GEARBOT HINT by frank ( )
FAN HINT by frank ( )
traffic light by frank ( )
move the walker 2 by frank ( )
perpetual motion machine by frank ( )
the lion pit by frank ( )
many many cans by Eric (no special bricks but challenging... )
fill the gaps by Eric (simple basic level )
uncover the fans by Eric (medium up-snd-down fan level )
Dropping out the bottom by Eric (medium climber level )
Jump Around by nick (revised versionof "jump up" )
It's Raining Climbers! by Nick (intermediate climber level )
up up and away 2 by frank (two ways to win )
FLOATERS!!! by James (Sequel to Dance Class 2 (if you beat it) floaters angry )
floater trolls by frank (they're under the bridge )
drip test 2 by   (ranjits test made into fun medium level )
climber intro by nick (early climber level )
over the canyon by nick ( )
bridge over troubled waters by nick (demonstrates building around obstacles )
corners by nick (intermediate stair builder )
Over the Fan 3 by frank ( )
arches by frank ( )
can on a pedastel by frank ( )
trashbot stops at two by frank ( )
move the stairs by frank ( )
basic bridge builder 2 by ranjit ( )
basic fire level 2 by  ( )
art factory by frank (creativity tool )
mixed stuff by Eric (medium )
fires and fans by Eric (a few ways to solve it... )
 by GEARBOT HINT ( )
Shit Stormsof Floaters by Eric (exciting!!! )
up and down with fans by Eric (one brick! )
simple 1-floater challenge by Eric (easy-to-medium )
impossible? by  ( )